Update 4node-setup-guide.md (#395)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/node/service-chain/getting-started/4nodes-setup-guide.md

{% hint style="info" %}

> The simplest form of ServiceChain can be one SCN.

Reviewer: I think move this section to the end this section.
In the beginning of the page "Setting up a 4-node Service Chain", it says 1 node ServiceChain first?

This tutorial illustrates 4-node ServiceChain, however, you can set up a single-node ServiceChain as well.

> Simply pass `--cn-num 1` instead of `4` to homi in 'Step 1:Create genesis.json and nodekeys'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply pass `--cn-num 1` instead of `--cn-num 4` to homi in 'Step 1:Create genesis.json and nodekeys'.
```

> The simplest form of ServiceChain can be one SCN.
> This tutorial illustrates 4-node ServiceChain, however, you can set up a single-node ServiceChain as well.
> Simply pass `--cn-num 1` instead of `4` to homi in 'Step 1:Create genesis.json and nodekeys'.
> 
> To tolerate byzantine faults, at least four nodes are required. Therefore, the minimum number of SCNs to achieve high availability under BFT algorithm is 4. Having 2 SCN nodes is not enough, because if one SCN fails, the other one can not reach a consensus.
> {% endhint %}
> 
> This section covers how to set up a multi-node ServiceChain. As shown in the figure below, we will set up a 4-consensus-node ServiceChain with `chainID` 1002 as shown in blue in the figure below.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simplest form of ServiceChain is having one SCN.
The ServiceChain illustrated in his tutorial is a 4-node ServiceChain. You can, however, set up a single-node ServiceChain if you wish.
Simply pass `--cn-num 1` instead of `4` to homi in 'Step 1:Create genesis.json and nodekeys'.

At least 4 nodes are required to tolerate byzantine faults. Therefore, the minimum number of SCNs to achieve high availability under the BFT algorithm is 4. Having 2 SCN nodes is not enough, because if one SCN fails, the other one cannot reach a consensus on its own.
{% endhint %}

This section covers how to set up a multi-node ServiceChain. We will set up a 4-consensus-node ServiceChain with `chainID` 1002, as you can see in the blue border box in the figure below.

```

> ![](../images/sc-4scn-arch.png)

Reviewer: @nohkwak We need a connection between SCNs or at least make this in a line to be consistent with the center image.

## Prerequisites <a id="prerequisites"></a>
 - Download packages for `kscn`, `homi` binary from [Download](../../download/README.md).
 - 4 Linux or MacOS servers
 - Minimum hardware requirements
   - CPU: 4-core (Intel Xeon or equivalent), RAM: 16GB, HDD: 50GB

>    - Please refer to the [System Requirements](../references/system-requirements.md) for more explanation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Please refer to [System Requirements](../references/system-requirements.md) for more explanation.
```

## Step 0: Install SCN on all nodes <a id="install-scn"></a>

> The installation is the uncompression of the downloaded package. Extract the SCN archive on each server.

Reviewer: I think we can also provide this as a yum package I think? 
@aidan-kwon Am I right?

@nohkwak Could you try do this for kscn?
https://docs.klaytn.com/node/core-cell/installation-guide/proxy-node-setup/installation-guide#install-from-klaytn-yum-repo

Reviewer: @nohkwak Please add some comments about this info.

## Step 1: Create genesis.json and nodekeys <a id="step-1-create-genesis-json-and-a-key"></a>

We will use homi utility to generate the needful files.

> Homi is a utility that automatically generates scripts, configuration files, and encryption keys necessary to configure the Klaytn blockchain.

Reviewer: encryption keys -> private keys

## Step 2: Customize static-nodes.json <a id="step-2-customize-static-nodes-json"></a>

Open `homi-output/scripts/static-nodes.json` in a text editor then update the IP addresses and ports with the actual values of your nodes.

> In this example, it is assumed that the IP of each SCN node in the ServiceChain is as shown in the figure below. Note the port you assigned here, the value will be used later in step 4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, it is assumed that the IP of each SCN node in the ServiceChain is as shown in the figure below. Remember the port you assigned here, as it will be used later in step 4.
```

$ cp ~/homi-output/scripts/static-nodes.json ~/data/
```

In step 1, we generated 4 nodekeys.
Assign each node key to the SCN and copy the matching `nodekey` to each SCN's data folder.
For example, use `nodekey1` for SCN-L2-01(192.168.0.1) node and use `nodekey2`, `nodekey3` and `nodekey4` for SCN-L2-02(192.168.0.2), SCN-L2-03(192.168.0.3) and SCN-L2-04(192.168.0.4) respectively.
```console
$ cp ~/homi-output/keys/nodekey{1..4} ~/data/klay/nodekey
```

![](../images/sc-4scn-nodekey.png)

## Step 5: Configure nodes <a id="step-5-configure-nodes"></a>

> On every SCNs, go to the kscn installation folder and edit `conf/kscnd.conf` as follows. `PORT` is the port used when setting up `homi`, and `SC_SUB_BRIDGE` is needed when connecting a bridge in the next section. For now, just set it to 0. In `DATA_DIR`, write the data folder used in step 3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On every SCNs, go to the kscn installation folder and edit `conf/kscnd.conf` as follows. `PORT` is the port used to set up `homi`, and `SC_SUB_BRIDGE` is required for connecting bridges in the next section. For now, just set it to 0. In `DATA_DIR`, enter the data folder used in step 3.
```

If you want to stop a node, you can use the command `kscnd stop`

## (Example) Creation and confirmation of a value transfer transaction <a id="example-creation-and-confirmation-of-a-value-transfer-transaction"></a>

> Now the 4-node ServiceChain is running up. We will execute a value transfer transaction in the ServiceChain to confirm the installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now the 4-node ServiceChain is up and running. We will execute a value transfer transaction in the ServiceChain to confirm the installation.
```

![](../images/sc-4scn-test.png)

### Step 1: Import the test account <a id="step-1-import-the-test-account"></a>

> `testkey1` was automatically generated by `homi` in step 1. KLAY is allocated to the test account as described in the `genesis.json` which was also generated by `homi`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`testkey1` was automatically generated by `homi` in step 1. KLAY is allocated to the test account as described in the `genesis.json` which was also generated by `homi`.
```
